The future:
Its not the weight of the future pressing upon us but that of the present alone. Its not the future that hurts us, but how we deal with it in the present. The misery of the future happens in the present, and ironically, its not the future unfolding in the present, as when we encounter it, its already present. The misery of the fture is or worrying about it now.

"Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason whice today arm you against the present." Marcus Aurelius

The past:
The past signifies as much as nothing and is at present indifferent. Its not the events that have happened in the past dont influence the present or that we cannot learn from past events. Its just that we cannot work with the past, as its out of our reach.

"Its unfortunate that this has happened. No; Its fortunate that this has happenedand ive remained unharmed by it - not shattered by the present or frightened of the future. It could have happened to anyone. But not everyone could have remained unharmed by it. Why treat the one as a misfortune rather than the other as fortunate? Can you really call something a misfortune that doesnt violate human nature? Or do you think something thats not against nature's will cna violate it? But you know what its will is. Does what's happened keep you from acting with justice, generosity, self-control, sanity, prudence, honesty, humilty, straightforwardness, and all the other qualities that allow a persons nature to fulfill itself?" - Marcus Aurelius

The present:
We tend to get disturbed because we dont like whats happening or what we want to happen doesnt happen. We shouldnt fight what we're compelled to: "its no use, as we cant avoid what the gods have in store." We cannot force the world to grant our wishes; we're not guaranteed that the people we're attracted to are also attracted to us, nor assured that all human beings have the sames shots at life. Its just not possible. We should focus on what we have, not what we lack, but with caution. 

"Treat what you dont have as nonexistent. Look at what you have, the things you value most, and think of how much you'd crave them if yu didn't have them. But be careful. Dont feel such satisfaction that you start to overvalue them - that it would upset you to lose them." Marcus Aurelius. 